i like to call them lick lick i like to
call yeah i'm here to bring you my
favorite fall yeah it's been a requested
video so I'm you guys requested to see
what my favorite fall Libby was or
lipsticks I've been wearing quite the
different combination requested like I
need to scoot back like I'm really in
your face this is what i mean by any any
shirt can go off the shoulder this um
plan'll it was my dad's and for those of
you are maybe new to my channel my dad
passed away a couple years ago um from
pancreatic cancer pancreatic cancer
awareness month is in november wear
purple anyhow so yes it's just a flail
it's a big oversized flannel that's
buttoned up to a certain spot and i
threw off my shoulder and there you go
you have an off the shoulder top see you
can rock it any way you want okay so
let's get into this these are the colors
that i have been wearing and these are
my basically full 2014 go to lippies
let's go i will start with what is
currently on mullets right now and i am
wearing max boldly bear lip liner and
that's just outlining my entire lips
slightly filled in just a smidge and the
lipstick that I was wearing is or M wear
nude by Gerard cosmetics which is like
oh I list right now I love this lipstick
color I think I'd he I just outlining my
lips slightly um shaded in a little bit
and then Gerard cosmetics nude lipstick
for any of you who want to order any of
these Jorah cosmetics I do have a disk
count code for you ding ding ding ding
so you can use that and get yourself a
discount off the lipsticks actually I
think it's off of anything off that site
lip glosses lipstick I think brow bar to
go um you can use a discount it works
for all of that so score then I have
also been loving Gerard cosmetics 1995 I
featured this and I think a favorites
video 1995 this is Jacqueline Hills
creation and I just love this color it
gives you that you know it's like a
1990s not grunge but it just gives you
that look kind of the jaw the jelly
Jenner suppose you can say the jelly
dinner what I've Charlie Jenner two more
Gerard cosmetics and it is cocoa bean I
have just been absolutely loving this
color I if you want a good gloss again I
love the consistency of their products
it has a little light up um hold Ely
plumb crazy love this color for fall if
you guys want to see like a video of me
doing like swatches like I've thought
about doing that because I want to know
what you guys think kind of like looks
good on me or what you guys think you
know what I should rock or wear so I was
kind of thinking of doing like a swatch
video like where I'll put it on the lips
and you guys tell me what you think
looks good or whatever let me know down
below in the comments if that's
something you guys would want to see I
featured this one color i think it was
in my last favorites video i think i'm
pretty sure it is mls 32 siren by NYX
Cosmetics it is their matte lipstick and
I have been wearing this like a beast
there it is right there I again all
answer pictures in here where you can
see me wearing them and I just I think
it's the perfect that perfect mat deep
vamp lipstick I for me for my skin tone
for my hair color a lip liner I have
been wearing with it a lot is by Mac and
it has rubbed off so I really don't
remember what lip liner it is this is
basically the end of it
and I do not recall what lip liner it is
but that is the lip liner there and then
there is the siren I mean I know it
probably looks like while that's so much
more kind of a purple vampy as opposed
to that but when I put these two
together I just love the color that it
creates I said you'll see in pictures
that is the combo that I have been
wearing a staying power of the matte lip
up the matte lipsticks by NYX are
amazing I mean they stay like a beast
they do not move and then also by NYX
Cosmetics the NYX soft matte lip cream
in Copenhagen I'm just obsessed with her
soft matte lip creams I just love that
and I just think like I said the way
they go on really love their applicators
and so that is slope and Hagen I just
love that color it is so pretty the last
two colors I have been wearing together
um it they're both nyx cosmetics and i
wear them with boldly bear lip liner by
mac i have morn couture as a Couture mod
couture couture mod by itself but I have
been wearing Nick's mls 29 sable I put
this down first a brown nude mls 28
Couture mod over it um and like i said i
do work her to or mod by itself but i'm
loving mixing the two colors together
that's couture mod it's kind of like a
pinky nude and that's more like a brown
nude but when i mix these two together
lie my lips with a boldly bear and then
I fill it in slightly and then I put
down sable first who r mod over it i
love the combination that it creates and
just the color and the cocktail and
whatever wasn't too long or too boring
but i have had many of you asked from my
social media pictures and just from
videos that I've done what lip colors
i'm wearing so i wanted to do my top
favorite fall lipstick oh it was like
all Gerrard and Nick's heavy but in all
honesty that's what I've been pulling
from I thought to myself online every
was gonna be like oh my gosh
Nick's that's it but literally I'm
honest with you guys that's all i've
been wearing I was like oh pull a
Maybelline or a little riel or something
but then I'd be long cuz this is
basically all I have been wearing so
yeah that's it guys those are my top
favorite fall lipsticks and again let me
know down below in the comments if you
guys want to see like a swatch video
where I try on like these colors or like
the Gerard cosmetic lip glosses or
lipsticks if you guys want to see that
let me know down below in the comments
cuz I want to do what y'all want to say
um a fall lookbook is coming i had many
of you request that I guess that's it i
hope you guys are having a great day a
good week I'm so excited the holidays
are quickly approaching and also to UM
full um tutorials are coming up to /
like this I look and like some of the
other ones that I've been wearing a lot
lately I've had you guys kind of asked
like oh can you do tutorials on like
fall favorite looks so that is coming as
well and that's it I'm going to shut up
because I've been talking too much and
again rock just button up your oversized
flannel and throw it off your shoulder
do it and then you got it off the
shoulder top then you can wear like a
two-in-one and then if you don't want to
wear it like that you can see it's very
oversized like I said it was my dad's so
it's a big huge um flannel but you know
then you got a two-in-one you can wear
it like this or whatever else but I was
like you know what I had put it on and I
was like so cute as an off-the-shoulder
deal so that's what I did throw on some
leggings with it and some cute boots and
you're good to go let's please be kind
to each other and I will see you in
another video